my name is Paul Dandridge I am a
teaching artist with Richard ballets
minds and motions I am Emily puff I am a
teaching artist and accompanist for the
minds motion program I work with minds
of motion in the kids just because I
feel like everybody needs the
opportunity to experience the arts in
whatever form it takes whether they're
here in minds emotion and their dancing
experience in the art or listening to
the piano experiencing the art it's just
something that everybody needs to be a
part at some point in their life minds
in motion this year is in 20 which min
to area schools including the city of
Hopewell Richmond and independent
schools in Chesterfield County of course
with Hopkins will be performing at the
carpenter theater at the end of the year
doing a show all about Jamestown from an
archaeological perspective digging up
the past you have to like you go back in
the day like
15:07 that's when the Jamestown said
like like we're learning now and minds
emotion about buyout the new Cosmo if I
said it right but relearning about that
and it's very funny
we only got we already got a little
dance for it Hopkins is an awesome
school to be at every group of kids has
some dynamic that's a little bit
different they're all very eager they're
all excited about minds in motion I like
much emotion because you can move
because it's fun excited and I love
today I think it sounds very awesome and
helps you learn it's very cool the most
enriching part of mine's emotion for me
is just watching the final performance
watching the transformation of the kids
from the very first day you're with them
and you're all just trying to kind of
size each other up and you know how are
we gonna do it how are we gonna dance
together and then watching them progress
as the year goes on and then seeing them
on stage all of the students all the
different schools moving at the same
time so strong it is just an incredible
transformation especially with our
year-long curriculum it's it's more than
just they get to perform but it's it's
actually going into the art so that's
why we have a live musician for every
class playing the piano or if we don't
have a piano then we're playing some
kind of instrument it's not just moving
to a CD we want kids to actually have an
appreciation for the art itself they get
to perform on stage which is great it's
the same stage that the professional
company of the Russian ballet and the
Richmond Symphony perform upon but in
the end it's about the
not just the performance I really enjoy
working with the children with the
dancers here at Hopkins elementary
school usually when you're at a school
it feels like every class has their own
personality where every school has their
own personality but here at Hopkins
every dancer has their own personality
and that just makes the creative spirit
of the class just all over the place and
it's so fun to work with you have so
much to pull from so much different
energy and all that and it just really
makes the class dynamic really fun when
we do Mize emotions mean we do lots of
things and do and we like to have fun I
like knives emotion because you get to
dance and I really like mines in motion
because it's really fun and I like the
dance my favorite part about to my cell
is you just get to jump in dance and
have fun with your friends
I like my diversion because when angry
frustration is inside me and whenever I
come to mines emotion happiness beside
me and the anger and frustration jizz
the philosophy of minds of motion is to
give every child the experience of dance
bring it to them it could change their
lives it could just be a final
performance but just to open their minds
my background I actually started dancing
in fourth grade at Bonaire elementary
with the minds emotion program and from
there I joined the school of Russian
ballet graduated from the school of
Russian ballet became a trainee went to
Indiana University and got a Bachelor of
Science in ballet performance came back
joined the Richmond Ballet Company and
from there I'm now a full-time teacher
with the School of Russian ballet and
they minds much' program when I was 3 3
years old that was my first time being
on stage and
like mine's in motion I like my solution
because I think it's really cool and all
that but you can shake all your energy
out and really a motion teacher
I like mine's motion because it's fun
when you can you by the dancing and
choreography so it's just fun the
mission statement of the Richmond mat
ballet in general is to awaken and
Kindle the spirit and bring everyone
closer to the flame which is art in
general